Christel hey that's a girl awesome ninja
is there like a ninja dating website no
there is actually a ninja dating website
English teacher style yeah daily website
and thank goodness I mean the ninja net
the ninja Internet was a welcomed
blessing to the ninja dating scene
because you think you people have a hard
time finding the one imagine if that
person has also spent their entire life
raining how not to be found
you are not bumping into that person at
a laundromat unless of course the
creatures or persons that each of you
individually are supposed to kill both
happen to go to that same laundromat at
the same time and the two ninjas happen
to be hiding above the same ceiling
tiles
it's a bankable strategy I mean before
the ninja daily basically worked like
what happens when two superheroes meets
in a comic book you know they're just
going about their day and then they come
across somebody else wearing tights and
then for no reason they have a big fight
with each other just to show up all the
cool powers ninja Danny was like that it
was just random interactions and fights
that occasionally ended up with making
out very occasionally so random no
relationships happening I mean like 50
percent of the daily stabber was chance
encounter personal because every
encounter was a chance encounter there
was no planning and meet enough time
stuff laughs usually it's dark and you
only have this much to work from it's
really hard to gauge the coyote factor
you know what we like to call the butter
99% of her body you can see like hey she
was hot but her eyes are nice but her
rest of her body as noses change a lot
don't get me wrong that's great it's
very deceiving but when it comes to
dating it's also very deceptive and you
have to watch out for that now as far as
date engine psycho on an Internet the
longest time all we had was being
stirred which everybody was using not
just ninja to me everybody from zombies
to slacker those are really lazy Krakens
and there was a lot of exaggerating or
what I like to call Bob face lying and
you had no idea if you were gonna get
like a legit ninja or like I'm dragon
wearing a ski mask well Chuck the tape
was going great until she bit my head
off and then rip the flesh from my bones
like an Alabama worn face another
t.j.maxx half hotbed yeah he might be
willing to pay for a second day we'll be
back into it anyway things are a lot
better now we got our own stuff we got
our own ninja science we got a lot of
diversity got n harmony
we got deathmatch calm
shadows singles they got high doing calm
we got J David J is for jujitsu as for
yours deadly I do most of my back in in
the social ninjetta works you know I
like the die space facialist book is
really coming up dead journal okay
what's a little passe now kick ass mates
calm that's good for like the decade
later he calls like she was a hot
cheerleader back in school you were
awkward and dirty and now she's a sad
single mother with an odd yahoo
addiction and you happen to be a yoohoo
salesman I mean eventually everybody
ends up on the same plane by that logic
kids of high school is your best years
it's all downhill from there ah let's
see what else we got
oh yeah I mean if you're just like
talking about your kills all the time
had to leave that site because there's a
stalker I'm really into hitter right now
which is just like keeping up with what
kills people are doing right now like
hey you know this I don't know fire cool
looking for a second heart or I'm in the
bottle on the porch waiting for dead
look man I just delayed the spy dear
here's some pics I spied here that's a
weird animal it's a deer with eight legs
they spit leather webs fancy I just
joined just like me attack of a lot
sharper eating is hard let's just kill
people
thanks for the question crystal I look
forward to killing you soon if you knew
what I mean and I put a new profile vid
you know just to let people know a
little bit about myself without actually
feeling anything about myself hey
whoever might be seen this someday it's
the ninja hear about a mission right now
just hanging out just being me you know
I'm just me hanging out I mean the
apartment of an invisible just waiting
for him to get back just tough to tell
when they get back because you know
there